[LISA]
Hello, there.
It's a beautiful day, isn't it?
[laughs]
So. How are your little
baby birds doing?
Yay! Another day and
I'm ready to work!
[OLD WOMAN] Through the power
of this holy Prayer Contract,
I humbly request that this well
be cleansed of all impurities.
Okay. That should do it.
Thank you for helping me.
[WOMAN A] I can't believe
you do this every morning.
I wish my son could find
a nice girl like you!
Your son is much
too old for Lisa.
He's in his twenties!
My son is the
perfect age for her.
You'd date my boy, wouldn't you?
Well, uh, maybe.
We'll have to have you over
to play with my grandson
again soon.
He was just telling me about
how much fun the two of you
have together.
Sure! I would love to
come over and play!
[LISA]
Good morning, Miss Anna!
[ANNA]
Morning, Lisa!
I was wondering
when you'd get here.
Here.
I hope this is enough
to tide you kids over
for a little while.
But there's so much!
Are you sure?
Of course, my dear.
You and Luke have
been so good to us,
it's the least I could do!
I only wish I had
more to give you.
Thanks so much, Miss Anna!
This should keep us
stocked for a while.
Well, a growing girl needs
to eat her veggies, right?
[LISA]
Yes, ma'am!
[ANNA]
Oh, one more thing.
Could I place an order
for two garden hoes?
I've hired some new farmhands
who'll be starting soon.
Yes, ma'am!
I'll tell Luke as soon
as I get home!
Oh!
Oops! Sorry!
[ANNA chuckles]
That's quite a sight!
Are you sure you can handle it?
[LISA]
I got it.
It's just a little heavy.
Hey! How you doing, Lisa?
Oh, I'm fine, thanks for asking.
You're up awfully early
this morning, aren't you?
So, how's it going?
Did you have a good harvest?
Yeah, we've got tons of radishes
and some other good stuff.
Here y'go.
Let me give you a couple.
[LISA grunts]
[MAN B laughs] Be careful on
your way home, okay?
[LISA]
Yes, sir! Thank you!
Okay! Time to get back to work!
Now that smells yummy.
[stomach growls]
Rise and shine, Luke!
Your breakfast is ready!
I made your favorite!
C'mon, Luke!
It's wake-up time--
breakfast is waiting!
If you don't hurry,
it'll get cold!
[rustling]
[LISA]
Good morning, sleepyhead.
[LUKE yawns]
So are there any new jobs
we need to start on today?
Uh-huh! Miss Anna told me
she needs two more hoes
for her new farmhands.
Well, I'm pretty sure that we
already have two in stock.
Okay.
I'll deliver them tomorrow.
Guess if we don't
have any orders,
I can make something new.
I have an idea!
Why don't you start forging
Miss Cecily's katana?
No way, not in a million years.
But why not?
She deserves one.
Lisa. When did you start siding
with that loser knight?
Since the beginning.
Aw, c'mon, you know
she's not a loser!
She's a beautiful lady
who's kind and generous.
Who just happens to have
ginormous knockers!
[LUKE coughs]
Enough about that.
Let's get to work.
You got it, Luke!
[LISA grunts]
[LUKE]
Lisa! Don't lose focus!
[LISA]
Right! I'm sorry.
Whaddaya say we break for lunch?
Yeah!
Crap.
Hm! What's the matter, Luke?
If you've got something to say,
you should just go ahead
and say it.
--Go home.
--You're so rude!
[LUKE] Shouldn't you be off
looking for the man in black
or something?
[CECILY]
I have the day off.
Besides, I haven't been over to
pester you for a sword lately.
Yeah, like I told you before,
no money, no katana.
I know, but still!
You could start one for me.
Not gonna happen.
It's not even about
the money at this point.
What do you know about katana?
Have you bothered doing
any research on them?
You know, he's got a point.
Yeah, yeah.
I know he does.
I realize I'm not an
expert on the subject.
But I wanna learn more.
It'd be nice if
someone'd teach me.
Yeah, real good luck with that.
[CECILY]
I was going to ask you.
Better not be what I think
you're about to ask.
No!
What I was gonna-- I mean...
I wanna know about
Demon Contracts!
I'm sure you're familiar
with the basics.
Unlike a Prayer Contract, which
uses tamahagane as a catalyst,
a Demon Contract
uses the human soul.
When a Demon Contract
is completed,
that person is turned into
a demon in exchange
for obtaining
something they desire.
In the Valbanill War
44 years ago,
those who signed Demon Contracts
were used as weapons.
[ARIA] I saw it myself;
it was horrific.
[LUKE] Once the soul's been
offered, there's no way
to ever get it back.
It's all part of the sacrifice.
That war had more casualties
than any before it.
In order to win,
Valbanill was determined
to turn every human
he found into a demon.
I don't get it.
Valbanill gave them what
they wanted, right?
So what did he get out of
the deal besides an army
of demons?
Their death songs.
[CECILY]
What's that?
[LUKE]
You can find it right there.
[CECILY gasps]
Jeez, you're a pervert!
[LUKE] No wait!
Dammit, you've got it all wrong!
I'm trying to say the song's
written inside of you.
What does that mean?
It's on your heart.
Every person has a death song
engraved upon their heart.
Each one is different,
unique to the person.
What? Seriously?
Your death song must be
read if you want to sign
a Demon Contract.
They read their death song?
But how is that even possible?
Actually, there are several
ways it can be accomplished.
Usually, the person is drugged
with a Prayer Contract.
Once they're unconscious,
their chest is sliced open
and the song is written down.
Sometimes the person
is forced to read their own
death song using a mirror.
It's the ultimate sacrifice
a human being can make.
That sounds completely inhumane!
[LUKE] That's why the practice
has been banned since the war.
I guess so.
But obviously it's still going
on since we've had all these
demon attacks recently.
If only we could track down
the man who seems to be
responsible for everything.
You mean the man
in black, right?
[CECILY]
Yeah.
Just promise me you'll kill him.
Him and everyone else
involved in Demon Contracts.
Uh, okay.
So! Let's eat!
Looks delicious, doesn't it?
I'm so hungry, you're about to
see me eat my weight in pasta!
Hey! You better
leave some for us!
This looks great!
Thanks for inviting us, Lisa!
Do you want some help with that?
[ARIA] You have to do
laundry every day?
That doesn't sound
like much fun.
It's fine.
As long as I'm helping Luke,
I really don't mind.
It's not all that bad.
[CECILY] Hey, Lisa.
Mind if I ask you something?
Yeah?
I was just wondering.
Do you have any other clothes,
or is that your only outfit?
Well, sort of.
I do have two other
sets just like this.
That counts, right?
[CECILY]
Afraid not. No.
You need some new clothes.
[LUKE] Lisa!
Let's get back to work!
'Kay! Be right there!
Thanks for coming
over for lunch.
Hey, Fio.
[FIO]
Yes, Miss?
[CECILY] I know this is a weird
question, but do you like
working here?
Or is it a pain sometimes?
Well, do you think I'd
stick around if I hated it?
No.
I like working at
the Cambell House.
You and your mother
are great employers.
I'm glad.
This is the best tea ever!
Well of course it is!
I put a lot of
love into that tea!
It is my job!
So, Fio? Can I get your
opinion on something?
Yeah, sure.
Here ya go, Miss.
Have one on the house.
Thank you so much, sir!
Here! I have two more
for you ladies.
[ARIA] Thank you, sir!
You're so sweet!
Why me?
Oh, yum!
Lisa, you've got to try it!
If you say so.
Delicious!
[ARIA] I know! Isn't it the
greatest thing ever?
[LISA]
I can't get enough!
[LUKE] Yeah, so, why'd
I have to come with you?
This is supposed
to be my day off.
I thought it would be nice
for you to spend some time
with Lisa.
You know, Luke...
I don't think you're providing
her with a satisfactory
lifestyle.
I remember you telling me
how special she is to you--
Hold on, I just realized.
You're such a perv!
How could you be into that?
That's not true and you know it.
You're just trying to come
up with new reasons
to hate me!
Like I need new ones!
[CECILY] You guys aren't
related, are you?
Um, no.
I found her.
You found her?
I don't want to talk about it.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean--
Wait a sec!
You're not getting off
that easy, you big jerk!
Wh-What did I do?
You've been treating Lisa
like she's some kind of
second-class citizen!
What?
She's a growing girl at a
very impressionable age.
All she ever wears is
dirty old work clothes.
She deserves to
have nice things,
but she doesn't have time
to shop 'cause she's busy
doing all your chores.
[LUKE] Never thought
about it like that.
You need to take her
out once in a while.
You know. Buy her stuff,
go out to eat.
I don't care what it is
as long as you start
showing her you care!
If you don't treat her better,
you'll run the risk
of losing her!
And what makes you
the expert, huh?
I'm a girl!
[ARIA] Cecily!
You have to come try this!
Be right there!
[CECILY] Wow! Hope it tastes
as good as it looks!
Yeah, here.
I got one for you too!
[CECILY]
Thank you, Lisa!
--[LISA] They're so good!
--[ARIA] You're gonna love it!
Crap, maybe she's right.
[ARIA] Ooh!
Let's go to that shop next!
Do you want to try it on?
Uh, no thanks!
But it's so pretty!
Yeah, but I don't need a dress.
Hold on.
Are we shopping for Lisa?
This is going to be so much fun!
--Uh, I don't know.
--[CECILY] Aw, c'mon.
Um, is it okay?
I don't want you
to have to wait.
Don't worry, he'll be fine.
Right? Won't you?
I'll pay for whatever you want,
long as you make it quick.
I don't wanna be here all day.
[LISA]
Oh, wow!
Everything's so beautiful!
You heard what Luke said,
anything you want.
But there's so much here!
All of these options
are making me dizzy!
Don't worry, we'll help
you pick some stuff.
Lisa? What's your size?
Uh... I don't know,
I've never been measured.
[ARIA]
Oh, we'll fix that!
Thanks, ma'am.
[SEAMSTRESS]
No problem.
[LISA giggling]
I'm sorry.
I promise I'll make it quick.
Thank you.
She's finished measuring!
You ready?
We picked out a bunch!
How 'bout this?
Okay!
[LISA]
It's so pretty.
I'm ready!
How beautiful!
All right, let's try
the next one!
Cecily! I found something I
think you'd look real sexy in!
[CECILY gasps]
Aria!
[ARIA] You oughta wear
clothes that accentuate your,
um, features.
[CECILY] What is with
you guys and my chest?
Lisa! Why don't you
try this one next?
[LISA]
Okay!
I'm not too sure about this.
What do you mean?
[LISA] I feel bad making Luke
pay for my new clothes.
Well he shoulda done this
for you a long time ago.
As far as I'm concerned,
his assistant--
[LISA]
But I'm happy.
Just working alongside him
at the shop every day.
He doesn't have to buy me
things to make me happy.
[CECILY]
You work so hard for him.
Let him do this for you.
He's such a cheap bastard
I'm surprised he even offered!
[LISA]
Well I still feel guilty.
[CECILY] I think this is Luke's
way of telling you he cares.
He may be a
brilliant blacksmith,
but he's kind of a clueless man.
He wanted to do
something nice for you,
but he didn't know how.
So don't feel guilty--
he wants to do this.
Um, you sure?
You really think he
cares about me?
Of course I do.
He's just not very
good at showing it.
[LISA]
I hope that's true.
Luke.
[LISA]
I'm sorry you had to wait.
So, uh, this is
the outfit I chose.
Pretty cute, huh?
I just wanted to say thank
you for buying it for me!
You got what you
wanted? Let's go.
Um, where are Miss
Cecily and Miss Aria?
I guess they're still in there.
I don't understand,
they should've come out
at the same time I did.
Maybe they left you to
go stuff their faces again.
Now come on.
[LISA]
Luke, wait for me!
Why's he have to be
such a jerk all the time?
I hate him.
Yeah, but can you explain
to me why we're hiding
from them?
Don't you remember
what Fio said?
They need their quality time.
It's the only way their
relationship will get stronger.
You sure that'll work?
He doesn't talk to her much.
Oh, it'll work.
I'll make sure of it.
[LISA]
Hey, check it out, Luke!
It's a pineapple!
I've never had one
of these before!
Maybe we should buy
one just to see
what it tastes like!
[LUKE]
We don't need it. Keep movin'.
Did you see how rude he was?
I can't believe he'd walk
away from her like that!
Oh, he is gonna pay!
[ARIA]
Calm down, Cecily!
You said we're not supposed
to get involved, remember?
[CECILY] That was before
he pissed me off!
Wait! Where did they go?
Huh?
Damn it! We lost 'em!
Luke. Thank you.
I really appreciate the
outfit you bought me.
You didn't have to do that.
[LUKE]
Sure.
Uh, I know you hate the market.
So thanks.
I had a lot of fun
shopping today.
Being around all those people
must've worn you out, huh?
[LUKE]
Yeah, a little.
So what do you want me
to make for dinner tonight?
I don't care.
Okay.
Today was great, wasn't it?
I guess.
I only hope tomorrow
will be just as great!
Uh-huh.
Luke?
Does this outfit
look good on me?
[LUKE]
I got bored waiting.
So I picked that up.
I'm glad it matches
your new outfit.
Thank you, Luke.
Thank you.
[LUKE]
Let's go home.
Okay!